National Institute of Informatics, Japan at TRECVID 2008.
https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=en&user=6lbtgt4AAAAJ&citation_for_view=6lbtgt4AAAAJ:Tyk-4Ss8FVUC

National institute of informatics, japan at trecvid 2007: Bbc rushes summarization
https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=en&user=6lbtgt4AAAAJ&citation_for_view=6lbtgt4AAAAJ:9yKSN-GCB0IC

The video browser showdown: a live evaluation of interactive video search tools
https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=en&user=6lbtgt4AAAAJ&citation_for_view=6lbtgt4AAAAJ:blknAaTinKkC

NII-UIT at MediaEval 2016 Predicting Media Interestingness Task.
https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=en&user=6lbtgt4AAAAJ&citation_for_view=6lbtgt4AAAAJ:5nxA0vEk-isC

Unsupervised face annotation by mining the web
https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=en&user=6lbtgt4AAAAJ&citation_for_view=6lbtgt4AAAAJ:JV2RwH3_ST0C

ERI-MAC: An energy-harvested receiver-initiated MAC protocol for wireless sensor networks
https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=en&user=6lbtgt4AAAAJ&citation_for_view=6lbtgt4AAAAJ:70eg2SAEIzsC

Nii-hitachi-uit at trecvid 2016
https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=en&user=6lbtgt4AAAAJ&citation_for_view=6lbtgt4AAAAJ:qUcmZB5y_30C

Evaluation of multiple features for violent scenes detection
https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=en&user=6lbtgt4AAAAJ&citation_for_view=6lbtgt4AAAAJ:RHpTSmoSYBkC

Visual analytics of political networks from face-tracking of news video
https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=en&user=6lbtgt4AAAAJ&citation_for_view=6lbtgt4AAAAJ:UeHWp8X0CEIC

Ent-Boost: Boosting using entropy measures for robust object detection
https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=en&user=6lbtgt4AAAAJ&citation_for_view=6lbtgt4AAAAJ:Wp0gIr-vW9MC

An efficient method for face retrieval from large video datasets
https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=en&user=6lbtgt4AAAAJ&citation_for_view=6lbtgt4AAAAJ:_kc_bZDykSQC

Feature selection by AdaBoost for SVM-based face detection
https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=en&user=6lbtgt4AAAAJ&citation_for_view=6lbtgt4AAAAJ:maZDTaKrznsC

Evaluation of deep models for real-time small object detection
https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=en&user=6lbtgt4AAAAJ&citation_for_view=6lbtgt4AAAAJ:4JMBOYKVnBMC

Scalable face track retrieval in video archives using bag-of-faces sparse representation
https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=en&user=6lbtgt4AAAAJ&citation_for_view=6lbtgt4AAAAJ:HoB7MX3m0LUC

A multi-stage approach to fast face detection
https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=en&user=6lbtgt4AAAAJ&citation_for_view=6lbtgt4AAAAJ:ufrVoPGSRksC

Robust face track finding in video using tracked points
https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=en&user=6lbtgt4AAAAJ&citation_for_view=6lbtgt4AAAAJ:k_IJM867U9cC

Hand gesture classification using boosted cascade of classifiers
https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=en&user=6lbtgt4AAAAJ&citation_for_view=6lbtgt4AAAAJ:0EnyYjriUFMC

Re-ranking for person re-identification
https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=en&user=6lbtgt4AAAAJ&citation_for_view=6lbtgt4AAAAJ:mB3voiENLucC

Face retrieval in large-scale news video datasets
https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=en&user=6lbtgt4AAAAJ&citation_for_view=6lbtgt4AAAAJ:a0OBvERweLwC

Shin’ichi Satoh,“
https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=en&user=6lbtgt4AAAAJ&citation_for_view=6lbtgt4AAAAJ:u5HHmVD_uO8C

When face-tracking meets social networks: a story of politics in news videos
https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=en&user=6lbtgt4AAAAJ&cstart=20&citation_for_view=6lbtgt4AAAAJ:NaGl4SEjCO4C

A receiver-initiated mac protocol for energy harvesting sensor networks
https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=en&user=6lbtgt4AAAAJ&cstart=20&citation_for_view=6lbtgt4AAAAJ:hqOjcs7Dif8C

Multimedia event detection using segment-based approach for motion feature
https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=en&user=6lbtgt4AAAAJ&cstart=20&citation_for_view=6lbtgt4AAAAJ:d1gkVwhDpl0C

A text segmentation based approach to video shot boundary detection
https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=en&user=6lbtgt4AAAAJ&cstart=20&citation_for_view=6lbtgt4AAAAJ:QIV2ME_5wuYC

Finding important people in large news video databases using multimodal and clustering analysis
https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=en&user=6lbtgt4AAAAJ&cstart=20&citation_for_view=6lbtgt4AAAAJ:zA6iFVUQeVQC

Face retrieval in broadcasting news video by fusing temporal and intensity information
https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=en&user=6lbtgt4AAAAJ&cstart=20&citation_for_view=6lbtgt4AAAAJ:u-x6o8ySG0sC

An efficient feature selection method for object detection
https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=en&user=6lbtgt4AAAAJ&cstart=20&citation_for_view=6lbtgt4AAAAJ:BqipwSGYUEgC

Multimedia event detection using event-driven multiple instance learning
https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=en&user=6lbtgt4AAAAJ&cstart=20&citation_for_view=6lbtgt4AAAAJ:g5m5HwL7SMYC

A combination of spatial pyramid and inverted index for large-scale image retrieval
https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=en&user=6lbtgt4AAAAJ&cstart=20&citation_for_view=6lbtgt4AAAAJ:O3NaXMp0MMsC

AttRel: an approach to person re-identification by exploiting attribute relationships
https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=en&user=6lbtgt4AAAAJ&cstart=20&citation_for_view=6lbtgt4AAAAJ:3fE2CSJIrl8C

NII-UIT-VBS: A video browsing tool for known item search
https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=en&user=6lbtgt4AAAAJ&cstart=20&citation_for_view=6lbtgt4AAAAJ:pqnbT2bcN3wC

Efficient traffic sign detection using bag of visual words and multi-scales sift
https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=en&user=6lbtgt4AAAAJ&cstart=20&citation_for_view=6lbtgt4AAAAJ:IjCSPb-OGe4C

Rushes summarization using different redundancy elimination approaches
https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=en&user=6lbtgt4AAAAJ&cstart=20&citation_for_view=6lbtgt4AAAAJ:NMxIlDl6LWMC

Fusion of local and global features for efficient object detection
https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=en&user=6lbtgt4AAAAJ&cstart=20&citation_for_view=6lbtgt4AAAAJ:ZeXyd9-uunAC

Tutorial--Video Indexing, Search, Detection, and Description with Focus on TRECVID
https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=en&user=6lbtgt4AAAAJ&cstart=20&citation_for_view=6lbtgt4AAAAJ:bFI3QPDXJZMC

Video indexing, search, detection, and description with focus on trecvid
https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=en&user=6lbtgt4AAAAJ&cstart=20&citation_for_view=6lbtgt4AAAAJ:Y0pCki6q_DkC

Efficient large-scale multi-class image classification by learning balanced trees
https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=en&user=6lbtgt4AAAAJ&cstart=20&citation_for_view=6lbtgt4AAAAJ:ns9cj8rnVeAC

You always look again: Learning to detect the unseen objects
https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=en&user=6lbtgt4AAAAJ&cstart=20&citation_for_view=6lbtgt4AAAAJ:mVmsd5A6BfQC

Computational optimization for violent scenes detection
https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=en&user=6lbtgt4AAAAJ&cstart=20&citation_for_view=6lbtgt4AAAAJ:ldfaerwXgEUC

NII-UIT: a tool for known item search by sequential pattern filtering
https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=en&user=6lbtgt4AAAAJ&cstart=20&citation_for_view=6lbtgt4AAAAJ:SeFeTyx0c_EC

NII, Japan at MediaEval 2011 Violent Scenes Detection Task.
https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=en&user=6lbtgt4AAAAJ&cstart=40&citation_for_view=6lbtgt4AAAAJ:HDshCWvjkbEC

NII-ISM, Japan at TRECVID 2007: High Level Feature Extraction.
https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=en&user=6lbtgt4AAAAJ&cstart=40&citation_for_view=6lbtgt4AAAAJ:roLk4NBRz8UC

Robust object detection using fast feature selection from huge feature sets
https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=en&user=6lbtgt4AAAAJ&cstart=40&citation_for_view=6lbtgt4AAAAJ:_FxGoFyzp5QC

Query-adaptive late fusion with neural network for instance search
https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=en&user=6lbtgt4AAAAJ&cstart=40&citation_for_view=6lbtgt4AAAAJ:eQOLeE2rZwMC

Integrating spatial information into inverted index for large-scale image retrieval
https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=en&user=6lbtgt4AAAAJ&cstart=40&citation_for_view=6lbtgt4AAAAJ:cFHS6HbyZ2cC

NII, Japan at ImageCLEF 2011 Photo Annotation Task.
https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=en&user=6lbtgt4AAAAJ&cstart=40&citation_for_view=6lbtgt4AAAAJ:MXK_kJrjxJIC

Video instance search via spatial fusion of visual words and object proposals
https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=en&user=6lbtgt4AAAAJ&cstart=40&citation_for_view=6lbtgt4AAAAJ:35N4QoGY0k4C

Nii-uit browser: a multimodal video search system
https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=en&user=6lbtgt4AAAAJ&cstart=40&citation_for_view=6lbtgt4AAAAJ:YsMSGLbcyi4C

Evaluation of Low-Level features for detecting Violent Scenes in videos
https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=en&user=6lbtgt4AAAAJ&cstart=40&citation_for_view=6lbtgt4AAAAJ:4TOpqqG69KYC

Person re-identification using deformable part models
https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=en&user=6lbtgt4AAAAJ&cstart=40&citation_for_view=6lbtgt4AAAAJ:hFOr9nPyWt4C

A comprehensive study of feature representations for semantic concept detection
https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=en&user=6lbtgt4AAAAJ&cstart=40&citation_for_view=6lbtgt4AAAAJ:M05iB0D1s5AC

Face Detection, Tracking, and Recognition for Broadcast Video.
https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=en&user=6lbtgt4AAAAJ&cstart=40&citation_for_view=6lbtgt4AAAAJ:yD5IFk8b50cC

YADA: you always dream again for better object detection
https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=en&user=6lbtgt4AAAAJ&cstart=40&citation_for_view=6lbtgt4AAAAJ:f2IySw72cVMC

Image Annotation Fusing Content-Based and Tag-Based Technique Using Support Vector Machine and Vector Space Model
https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=en&user=6lbtgt4AAAAJ&cstart=40&citation_for_view=6lbtgt4AAAAJ:Se3iqnhoufwC

Indexing faces in broadcast news video archives
https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=en&user=6lbtgt4AAAAJ&cstart=40&citation_for_view=6lbtgt4AAAAJ:pyW8ca7W8N0C

Efficient concept detection by fusing simple visual features
https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=en&user=6lbtgt4AAAAJ&cstart=40&citation_for_view=6lbtgt4AAAAJ:kNdYIx-mwKoC

A Software Defined Networking Approach for Guaranteeing Delay in Wi-Fi Networks
https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=en&user=6lbtgt4AAAAJ&cstart=40&citation_for_view=6lbtgt4AAAAJ:nb7KW1ujOQ8C

Targeting Bufferbloat in Wi-Fi Networks: An Emulator-based Approach
https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=en&user=6lbtgt4AAAAJ&cstart=40&citation_for_view=6lbtgt4AAAAJ:KxtntwgDAa4C

Clustering web video search results with convolutional neural networks
https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=en&user=6lbtgt4AAAAJ&cstart=40&citation_for_view=6lbtgt4AAAAJ:fPk4N6BV_jEC

Violent scene detection using mid-level feature
https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=en&user=6lbtgt4AAAAJ&cstart=40&citation_for_view=6lbtgt4AAAAJ:9ZlFYXVOiuMC

Auto face re-ranking by mining the web and video archives
https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=en&user=6lbtgt4AAAAJ&cstart=60&citation_for_view=6lbtgt4AAAAJ:4DMP91E08xMC

Shin’ichi Satoh, and Tomoko Matsui,“
https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=en&user=6lbtgt4AAAAJ&cstart=60&citation_for_view=6lbtgt4AAAAJ:NhqRSupF_l8C

Boosting face retrieval by using relevant set correlation clustering
https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=en&user=6lbtgt4AAAAJ&cstart=60&citation_for_view=6lbtgt4AAAAJ:M3ejUd6NZC8C

Person X detector
https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=en&user=6lbtgt4AAAAJ&cstart=60&citation_for_view=6lbtgt4AAAAJ:hMod-77fHWUC

NII Hitachi UIT at TRECVID 2018
https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=en&user=6lbtgt4AAAAJ&cstart=60&citation_for_view=6lbtgt4AAAAJ:iH-uZ7U-co4C

Semantic extraction and object proposal for video search
https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=en&user=6lbtgt4AAAAJ&cstart=60&citation_for_view=6lbtgt4AAAAJ:GnPB-g6toBAC

Video event detection by exploiting word dependencies from image captions
https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=en&user=6lbtgt4AAAAJ&cstart=60&citation_for_view=6lbtgt4AAAAJ:ULOm3_A8WrAC

A social network analysis of face tracking in news video
https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=en&user=6lbtgt4AAAAJ&cstart=60&citation_for_view=6lbtgt4AAAAJ:YFjsv_pBGBYC

Human Action recognition from depth videos using multi-projection based representation
https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=en&user=6lbtgt4AAAAJ&cstart=60&citation_for_view=6lbtgt4AAAAJ:r0BpntZqJG4C

Concept Detection Using Local Binary Patterns and SVM
https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=en&user=6lbtgt4AAAAJ&cstart=60&citation_for_view=6lbtgt4AAAAJ:vV6vV6tmYwMC

Learning Balanced Trees for Large Scale Image Classification
https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=en&user=6lbtgt4AAAAJ&cstart=60&citation_for_view=6lbtgt4AAAAJ:M3NEmzRMIkIC

Sum-max video pooling for complex event recognition
https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=en&user=6lbtgt4AAAAJ&cstart=60&citation_for_view=6lbtgt4AAAAJ:R3hNpaxXUhUC

Nii, japan at the first thumos workshop 2013
https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=en&user=6lbtgt4AAAAJ&cstart=60&citation_for_view=6lbtgt4AAAAJ:TQgYirikUcIC

NII-KAORI-PERSON-SEARCH: A General Framework for Indexing and Retrieving People's Appearance in Large Video Archives
https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=en&user=6lbtgt4AAAAJ&cstart=60&citation_for_view=6lbtgt4AAAAJ:dfsIfKJdRG4C

Improving retake detection by adding motion feature
https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=en&user=6lbtgt4AAAAJ&cstart=60&citation_for_view=6lbtgt4AAAAJ:8k81kl-MbHgC

Fast face sequence matching in large-scale video databases
https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=en&user=6lbtgt4AAAAJ&cstart=60&citation_for_view=6lbtgt4AAAAJ:isC4tDSrTZIC

NTT Communication Science Laboratories and NII at TRECVID 2011 Instance Search Task
https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=en&user=6lbtgt4AAAAJ&cstart=60&citation_for_view=6lbtgt4AAAAJ:W7OEmFMy1HYC

Video search by multi-modal and clustering analysis
https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=en&user=6lbtgt4AAAAJ&cstart=60&citation_for_view=6lbtgt4AAAAJ:lSLTfruPkqcC

Noise Removal Based Query Pre-processing to Improve Face Search Performance in Large Scale Video Databases
https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=en&user=6lbtgt4AAAAJ&cstart=60&citation_for_view=6lbtgt4AAAAJ:P5F9QuxV20EC

Graph-based visual instance mining with geometric matching and nearest candidates selection
https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=en&user=6lbtgt4AAAAJ&cstart=60&citation_for_view=6lbtgt4AAAAJ:UebtZRa9Y70C

Efficient Large Scale Image Classification via Prediction Score Decomposition
https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=en&user=6lbtgt4AAAAJ&cstart=80&citation_for_view=6lbtgt4AAAAJ:-f6ydRqryjwC

Using node relationships for hierarchical classification
https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=en&user=6lbtgt4AAAAJ&cstart=80&citation_for_view=6lbtgt4AAAAJ:hC7cP41nSMkC

NII-HITACHI-UIT at TRECVID 2015 instance search
https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=en&user=6lbtgt4AAAAJ&cstart=80&citation_for_view=6lbtgt4AAAAJ:u_35RYKgDlwC

A Classification-Based Approach for Retake and Scene Detection in Rushes Video
https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=en&user=6lbtgt4AAAAJ&cstart=80&citation_for_view=6lbtgt4AAAAJ:LkGwnXOMwfcC

Robust eye localization in video by combining eye detector and eye tracker
https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=en&user=6lbtgt4AAAAJ&cstart=80&citation_for_view=6lbtgt4AAAAJ:7PzlFSSx8tAC

Ranking Image Annotation Using Vector Space Model
https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=en&user=6lbtgt4AAAAJ&cstart=80&citation_for_view=6lbtgt4AAAAJ:J_g5lzvAfSwC

Improving image categorization by using multiple instance learning with spatial relation
https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=en&user=6lbtgt4AAAAJ&cstart=80&citation_for_view=6lbtgt4AAAAJ:IWHjjKOFINEC

NII Hitachi UIT at TRECVID 2019
https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=en&user=6lbtgt4AAAAJ&cstart=80&citation_for_view=6lbtgt4AAAAJ:1sJd4Hv_s6UC

Persons-in-places: a deep features based approach for searching a specific person in a specific location
https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=en&user=6lbtgt4AAAAJ&cstart=80&citation_for_view=6lbtgt4AAAAJ:TFP_iSt0sucC

Searching a specific person in a specific location using deep features
https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=en&user=6lbtgt4AAAAJ&cstart=80&citation_for_view=6lbtgt4AAAAJ:rO6llkc54NcC

News Archive Exploration Combining Face Detection and Tracking with Network Visual Analytics
https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=en&user=6lbtgt4AAAAJ&cstart=80&citation_for_view=6lbtgt4AAAAJ:aqlVkmm33-oC

Human Action Recognition from Depth Videos Using Pool of Multiple Projections with Greedy Selection
https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=en&user=6lbtgt4AAAAJ&cstart=80&citation_for_view=6lbtgt4AAAAJ:2osOgNQ5qMEC

Network Visual Analytics of News Videos based on Facetracking
https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=en&user=6lbtgt4AAAAJ&cstart=80&citation_for_view=6lbtgt4AAAAJ:RGFaLdJalmkC

Cross-View Action Recognition by Projection-Based Augmentation
https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=en&user=6lbtgt4AAAAJ&cstart=80&citation_for_view=6lbtgt4AAAAJ:KlAtU1dfN6UC

Large scale multi-class classification using latent classifiers
https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=en&user=6lbtgt4AAAAJ&cstart=80&citation_for_view=6lbtgt4AAAAJ:_Qo2XoVZTnwC

Shin'ichi Satoh, and Duc Anh Duong. 2015
https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=en&user=6lbtgt4AAAAJ&cstart=80&citation_for_view=6lbtgt4AAAAJ:EUQCXRtRnyEC

Recommend-Me: recommending query regions for image search
https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=en&user=6lbtgt4AAAAJ&cstart=80&citation_for_view=6lbtgt4AAAAJ:bEWYMUwI8FkC

